Thanks your supporting.If you have any questions or sinceresuggestions,please contact us.Address£ºDepartment of Neurology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University, Harbin 150081, ChinaTel: 045186605841Email:qyy-1985@163.com

Pubmed  £¨ https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=epilepsy £©ILAE Commission   https://www.epilepsydiagnosis.org/PubMed Health  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/PMHT0023036/MedlinePlus  https://medlineplus.gov/epilepsy.html#cat_78

Home  Knowledgebase  Browse   Search    Anaylsis   Help   Submit     Contact us Links

EpilepsyDBan integrated human epilepsy database

logo£ºonlinelogomaker.com/logomaker/?project=85251280

Look at the awesome logo I made at: <a href='https://onlinelogomaker.com' title='Online Logo Maker'>onlinelogomaker.com</a>

Epilepsy is a group of paroxysmal transient disturbances of nervous system function resulting from abnormal electrical activity of the brain. Epilepsy is not one specific disease, but rather a group of symptoms that are manifestations of any of a number of conditions involving overstimulation of nerve cells of the brain. The estimated incidence is 0.5 per cent of the population, making this a relatively common disease. Over 70 per cent of patients have their first attack (or seizure) either during childhood or after age 50. The type of seizure varies with age of onset.

Types. 

Treatment. 
Medical management with anticonvulsant drugs is the preferred therapy for about 95 per cent of patients with epilepsy. Surgical intervention for the remaining 5 per cent involves removal of the portion of brain tissue believed to be responsible for the seizures. Because of the dangers inherent in the surgery, this mode of therapy is reserved for those patients who do not respond to medical management and in whom the focus of seizure activity is accessible.

The major antiepileptic drugs are phenytoin (Dilantin), which is usually the drug of choice, phenobarbital, primidone (Mysoline), carbamazepine (Tegretol) for complex partial tonic-clonic seizures, and ethosuximide (Zarontin) and clonazepam (Klonopin) for absence seizures. Valproic acid (Depakene) is also used in the treatment of absence seizures. The choice of drug and calculation of optimal dosage is very difficult and highly individualized.

All of the anticonvulsant drugs can produce unpleasant side effects. They include gingival hyperplasia, rash, and, in the case of Dilantin, fever and leukopenia. Physical dependence can become a problem in patients taking phenobarbital or primidone, which is largely converted to phenobarbital in the blood stream. Toxic side effects are also common and include drowsiness, ataxia, nausea, sedation, and dizziness. The untoward effects of anticonvulsant drug therapy require close monitoring of the patient's response to therapy and regulation of dosage as indicated.

Patient Care. 
Emergency care of the patient having a seizure includes clearing the immediate area to protect the patient and others, administering 100 per cent oxygen by face mask, and intravenous administration of antiepileptic medication. No one should force an object into the patient's mouth to hold it open (such as a comb, bite block, or wallet), as such objects might obstruct the airway. Do not attempt to restrain the patient, as that may cause harm to both the rescuer and the patient.

Until a diagnosis of epilepsy is confirmed, observations made before, during, and after each of the seizures can provide important information to the diagnostician. Such data also can help prepare an effective plan of care for managing the seizures once a definitive diagnosis is made.

Just before a seizure (the preictal stage) the patient may experience an abnormal somatic, visceral, or psychic sensation called an aura. The presence or absence of the aura and its nature (if it is present) should be noted and recorded. If a patient does experience a particular kind of aura just before each seizure, this information can be useful when planning care for prevention of injury. It also is helpful to note what the patient was doing just before the seizure began. If a particular emotional event or environmental or physiologic condition is found to trigger the seizures, the patient might be able to use this information to avoid or minimize the recurrence of seizures.

During the interictal stage (while the seizure is occurring) significant data include the time the seizure begins and its duration; where in the body the seizure begins and what parts of the body are involved; whether the head or eyes turn to one side and, if so, to which side; whether there is incontinence of urine or stool, bleeding, or foaming or frothing at the mouth; effects of the seizure on the vital signs; and changes in skin color or profuse perspiration.

During the postictal period the patient is assessed for lethargy, confusion, impaired speech, and reports of headache or muscle soreness.

The successful long-term management of epilepsy requires coordinated effort on the part of the patient, family, and health care professionals. Patient and family education and support are essential components of any plan of care. Epileptic patients must take their prescribed medications on their own and actively participate in the management of their illness. They and those upon whom they are dependent (as in the case of children) must know the nature of the illness, the purpose and expected effects of treatment, the side effects of the drug they are taking and its potential for interaction with other drugs that could inhibit or enhance its anticonvulsant action, and the signs and symptoms of drug intolerance that should be reported to the physician or nurse.

Education should also include information about possible seizure triggers and ways in which they might be avoided. Alcohol is especially dangerous for epileptic persons because most antiepileptic drugs are sedatives and cardiopulmonary depressants. The combination of drug and alcohol could cause loss of consciousness or even death. Moreover, alcohol acts as a seizure trigger in some persons.
-------------
absence epilepsy  that characterized by absence seizures, usually having its onset in childhood or adolescence.
focal epilepsy  that consisting of focal seizures.
generalized epilepsy  epilepsy in which the seizures are generalized; they may have a focal onset or be generalized from the beginning.
grand mal epilepsy  a symptomatic form of epilepsy, often preceded by an aura, characterized by sudden loss of consciousness with tonic-clonic seizures.
jacksonian epilepsy  epilepsy marked by focal motor seizures with unilateral clonic movements that start in one muscle group and spread systematically to adjacent groups, reflecting the march of epileptic activity through the motor cortex.
juvenile myoclonic epilepsy  a syndrome of sudden myoclonic jerks, occurring particularly in the morning or under periods of stress or fatigue, primarily in children and adolescents.
Lafora's myoclonic epilepsy  a form characterized by attacks of intermittent or continuous clonus of muscle groups, resulting in difficulties in voluntary movement, mental deterioration, and Lafora bodies in various cells.
myoclonic epilepsy  any form of epilepsy accompanied by myoclonus.
petit mal epilepsy  absence e.
photic epilepsy , photogenic epilepsy reflex epilepsy in which seizures are induced by a flickering light.
posttraumatic epilepsy  that occurring after head injury.
psychomotor epilepsy  temporal lobe e.
reflex epilepsy  epileptic seizures occurring in response to sensory stimuli.
rotatory epilepsy  temporal lobe epilepsy in which the automatisms consist of rotating body movements.
sensory epilepsy 
1. seizures manifested by paresthesias or hallucinations of sight, smell, or taste.
2. reflex e.
somatosensory epilepsy  sensory epilepsy with paresthesias such as burning, tingling, or numbness.
temporal lobe epilepsy  a form characterized by complex partial seizures.
visual epilepsy  sensory epilepsy in which there are visual hallucinations.